Writing Faust application looks a lot like writing a normal Python application.
Faust is a simple library that uses normal Python idioms,
not a domain specific language or DSL.
Faust simply surfaces many of the concepts we discussed
in Lesson 5 through a standard Python API.
Faust doesn't require any external dependencies
other than Kafka itself and the library itself.
As with most other streaming frameworks,
Faust keeps a change log in a Kafka topic to track the state of its applications.
This means that you don't have to worry about maintaining a resource manager
like Apache Yarn or Mesos to run your applications.
Faust relies heavily on the brand new Python async IO library.
So to make use of Faust,
you must be running at least Python 3.6.
Again, you have to be running Python 3.6 or higher.
In this exercise and lessons that we've gone through it we'd been using Python 3.7.
Faust processing functionality can be embedded in
applications that have already been created as libraries,
or they can be run as standalone servers.
Finally, it's important to mention that although we've learned to use
Avro in this course and have seen many of its benefits,
Faust unfortunately did not currently implement
native support for Avro or for that matter for schema registry.
This doesn't mean that you can't use Avro or schema registry,
it simply means that you'd have to build support for yourself.
Better yet, you contribute your changes upstream to the Faust open-source project.
In any case, for the rest of this lesson,
we're going to be using JSON as our serialization format.